# Project Outline

### Overview

I am a perfectionist, a completionist, and I have a few OCD 
tendencies.  As a result, I definitely plan to finish what 
I start, and aim for absolute perfection, with no shortcuts.  
Sometimes, the combination of these personality traits can make 
life a bit difficult, especially when I come across items that
are hard to obtain, but required to complete a goal.

As an illustration of this issue, a few years ago I started 
cooking my way through a Weight Watcher's cookbook, beginning 
with the very first recipe.  Occasionally, I have found my 
progress stagnated by hard to find ingredients (such as 
Romanesco broccoli, Scotch bonnet peppers, and huckleberries, 
to name a few.)  In order to solve this problem, I decided to
create an application that will help locate and spread the cost
of such difficult to find items.

My application will provide a space for individuals located 
within the same community to come together to harness the 
buying power of a larger group / bulk purchase.  I have found 
myself in a position where there is something that I want to 
buy, but the item is only available in larger quantities than 
I personally need.  There is both a physical merchandise 
component to this problem, as well as an experiential 
component.  Examples of the physical merchandise side include 
Hanukkah cookies, mini Rubik's cubes (Alibaba.com), and 
huckleberries (limited availability to the Northwest, with 
Amazon.com selling a 3-gallon bucket).  Examples of the 
experiential component include box seats (such as to the 
Kentucky Derby, a concert, or a playoff game), a premier wine 
tasting (such as a bottle of Dom Perignon and / or Chateau 
Margaux), and chartering a private jet.

The first step / MVP will be to provide a discussion forum for 
users to connect and post their wants / needs / ideas.  The 
next step will be to create a link to various websites to 
detail specific purchasing opportunities.  Also, since the 
idea is to have individuals share an item or an experience, 
there would be a geographical component to this site.  Finally, 
in order to truly harness the buying power of the group, the 
final step would be to include a strategy / protocol of the 
exchange of money / goods.

This application should help to solve the issue of obtaining
hard to find ingredients / products and experiences.

### Features

Phase 1 (MVP):

User Login

Password Authentication

User Authorization

Key Word Search

Add / Create Discussion Thread

Delete Discussion Thread

Add / Reply to Existing Post

Phase 2:

Geographical Location Features

Link to Other Websites

Phase 3:

Harness Buying Power by including strategy / protocol for 
exchange of money / goods

### Technologies

JHipster

Java

Spring Boot

BootStrap

MySQL

Hibernate

Thymeleaf templates

CSS

HTML

### What I'll Have to Learn

- manage expectations

- improve skills in all of the technologies listed above

- learn JHipster, and decide whether to use that platform or 
build from scratch

- improve CSS / BootStrap skills to make an enticing web 
experience

- troubleshoot errors and overcome obstacles with current 
limitations of coding knowledge 

### Project Tracker

https://trello.com/b/SlqnhOXx/liftoff-project
